#summary One-sentence summary of this page.

= Introduction =

Add your content here.


= Details =

Add your content here.  Format your content with:
  * Text in *bold* or _italic_
  * Headings, paragraphs, and lists
  * Automatic links to other wiki pages

= Setting up Your environment to Develop & Test ARgame =


*I - Setup Android development environment*

How to install the Android SDK

Hello World Tutorial (To verify your environment)



II - Understanding Android
Android Fundamentals (Very good article, should be read first.)



III - Getting omnidroid to run in emulator
Prerequisite
Make sure you have Android SDK, Eclipse(with Android plugin) installed.
Create a Android Virtual Device (If you already create a 1.6 AVD (android-4), skip this step.)
In Eclipse: Windows -> Android AVD Manager 

Name = Whatever you like

Target = Android 1.6 (android-4)

Skin = Default

Click on "Create AVD"

Checking out the Code
Manually checkout source codes (If you would like to use subclipse, skip to next step.)
Make sure you have SVN command tools installed.

Go to the project site and checkout the source code.

In Eclipse: File -> New -> Other -> Android Project

Select "Create project from existing code", with the local svn folder you just checked out.

Project name = Whatever you like

Build Target = "Android 1.6 (android-4)"

Application name = Whatever you like

Min SDK Version = 4

checkout source code with subclipse (This is not necessary if you use svn command manually)
Install subclipse

In Eclipse: Window -> Show View -> other-> SVN Repositories

Click on the "+" sign

url: http://omnidroid.googlecode.com/svn -> Finish

Right click url -> Checkout.... Use the defaults and click Finish.

Run the application
In Eclipse
Project -> Build All
Run -> Android Application
In Emulator: Launch omnidroid
Start using the app!